[AGENTCFG-14] Updating AWS Secrets and SSM documentation to match suggested guidelines (#40)
DataDog/datadog-secret-backend: docs/aws/secrets.md

## Configuration

### IAM Permission needed

> Add this permission as a permission policy to the user role that has been attached to the EC2 instance upon which the given agent is running.

Reviewer: We should give example, explain the logic and redirect to the official docs. Customers should not just copy/paste our example without understanding what they're doing. I will also add a direct link to AWS Secret IAM documentation in there.

```suggestion
Create a similar IAM as the example bellow to allow resources to access a specific secrets and then attach it to the EC2 instance upon which the given agent is running. You can use similar IAM to allow your ECS/EKS Agent pod to access the required secrets. Please refer to [AWS Secrets official documentation](insert here link to docs) for more detail on allowing resources to access secrets.
```

Author: I've made most of the changes that you suggested. The thing is that this Permission policy step that is referred to in the secrets.md and ssm.md does not differ based on the service (EC2, ECS, etc), so I don't think that it should be specified here that you need to make a different policy if you are using a different service. The service-specific instructions are in the aws.md doc. In general, the aws.md doc is where i envision most of the setup instructions to be. I only included this permission policy step in the secrets.md and ssm.md docs, as the permission policy is the only step that has different values if you are using secrets vs ssm.

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [

>         "secretsmanager:GetSecretValue",
>         "secretsmanager:PutSecretValue",
>         "secretsmanager:CreateSecret",
>         "secretsmanager:DeleteSecret",
>         "secretsmanager:RotateSecret",
>         "secretsmanager:CancelRotateSecret"

Reviewer: I think we only need to GetSecretValue no ?

```suggestion
        "secretsmanager:GetSecretValue",
```

Author: done.
